https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_birds_by_common_name, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Main_Page, IS RELEVANT : False IS INDEXED :                                    False,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Contents, IS RELEVANT : False IS INDEXED :                                    False,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portal:Current_events, IS RELEVANT : False IS INDEXED :                                    False,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:About, IS RELEVANT : False IS INDEXED :                                    False,
//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Contact_us, IS RELEVANT : False IS INDEXED :                                    False,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Help:Contents, IS RELEVANT : False IS INDEXED :                                    False,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Help:Introduction, IS RELEVANT : False IS INDEXED :                                    False,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Community_portal, IS RELEVANT : False IS INDEXED :                                    False,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:File_upload_wizard, IS RELEVANT : False IS INDEXED :                                    False,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Main_Page, IS RELEVANT : False IS INDEXED :                                    False,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Help:Introduction, IS RELEVANT : False IS INDEXED :                                    False,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_birds_by_common_name, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    False,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Talk:List_of_birds_by_common_name, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_birds_by_common_name, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    False,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_birds_by_common_name, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    False,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:File_Upload_Wizard, IS RELEVANT : False IS INDEXED :                                    False,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Extant_taxon, IS RELEVANT : False IS INDEXED :                                    False,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bird, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Reliable_sources, IS RELEVANT : False IS INDEXED :                                    False,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abbott%27s_babbler, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    False,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abbott%27s_booby, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abbott%27s_starling, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abd_al-Kuri_sparrow, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abdim%27s_stork, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aberdare_cisticola, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aberrant_bush_warbler, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abert%27s_towhee, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abyssinian_catbird, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abyssinian_crimsonwing, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abyssinian_ground_hornbill, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abyssinian_ground_thrush, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abyssinian_longclaw, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abyssinian_owl, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abyssinian_roller, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abyssinian_scimitarbill, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abyssinian_slaty_flycatcher, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abyssinian_thrush, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abyssinian_waxbill, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    False,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abyssinian_wheatear, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abyssinian_white-eye, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    False,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abyssinian_woodpecker, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    False,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Acacia_pied_barbet, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Acacia_tit, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Acadian_flycatcher, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aceh_bulbul, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    False,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Acorn_woodpecker, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Acre_antshrike, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    False,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Acre_tody-tyrant, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adamawa_turtle_dove, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adelaide%27s_warbler, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ad%C3%A9lie_penguin, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Admiralty_cicadabird, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Afep_pigeon, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Afghan_babbler, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Afghan_snowfinch, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    False,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/African_barred_owlet, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/African_black_duck, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/African_black_swift, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    False,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/African_blue_flycatcher, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/African_blue_tit, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/African_broadbill, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    False,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/African_citril, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    False,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/African_collared_dove, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/African_crake, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    False,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/African_crimson-winged_finch, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/African_cuckoo, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    False,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/African_cuckoo-hawk, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/African_darter, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/African_desert_warbler, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    False,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/African_dusky_flycatcher, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/African_dwarf_kingfisher, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/African_emerald_cuckoo, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/African_finfoot, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/African_firefinch, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/African_fish_eagle, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/African_golden_oriole, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/African_goshawk, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/African_grass_owl, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/African_green_pigeon, IS RELEVANT : True IS INDEXED :                                    True,
